Hello, you understand
cosmetology in the last issue we
showed lip augmentation procedure
appliances and french sponges and and you
can look here
today we will show lifting
a procedure called triangle
youth in detail tell tatyana
Shmakov in good afternoon today with us
will be in the organization of the middle three zones
persons or as they call this
youth triangle procedure if
remember the face of youth then the top of it
pointing down the base at our top with
age this triangle
roll over we get everything
the opposite and the goal of our today's
procedures is to form a zygomatic
area due to which we will do
smoother and clearer face contour and work on
skin quality
we will use volume uviderm it
more dense filler with which we will
work in the midface use
we cannula as usual and needle and
additionally we will use
botox and lower third of the face thus we
remove the omission of tissue procedure we
let's start with pixel skin processing us and
drawing on the road
and put in the habit of 15
15 minutes have passed now we can
discover the drug he's in
sterile packaging open ip
pull
use we will cannula them
as the skin we have different possibilities coupe
there are fuzzy hematomas to the senses
only the first puncture will be unpleasant
skin polish the skin to the cannula
entered better start introducing the cannula here
such a feeling of filling is normal
so how do we work subcutaneous fat
fiber nerve endings are not here
the procedure is painless now we do
light massage can be seen visually
as the right side has already risen from the left
sides of men did not work take 2
fillers go to work new
we enter the end
feeling filling now be it
ok that's all literally 10 minutes and
my procedure is finished now we are doing
massage for the distribution of the gel visually
you can see that we are close to
youth triangle formed
chipped yes now we will work with
Botox in 14 days will be us
the perfect result is typing like this and
have led us
that's all the procedure we finished means
we worked from the midface with
malar area introduced into lower triton
botox which will work for 14
days starting on the second day
the result will be in two weeks the effect
we will continue for a year and a half now
we can ask the patient about
sensations in this procedure but
initially attended fear but
it turned out that I was afraid
thank you very much magic hands i
almost chuni quality after such
procedures we recommend to our patients
drink more water in the next two days
in order to hyaluronic acid
took over more water and went
vector lifting that is raised up
These are here I am due to the fact that
here botox volume increases
recommendations in the first 14 days in full
do not drink alcohol also for
two weeks do not recommend visiting
saunas pools and baths photos in
good quality before and after the procedure
can see here or the link in
description our next issue will be
dedicated to one of the most recent
new products in cosmetology is an alternative
surgical facelift with threads
silhouette soft
that is, due to the introduction of only two
or four threads we get the effect
surgical facelift without
rehabilitation period and side
effects but the most important effect you
will see from the procedure immediately in the office
subscribe to our channel put
likes with you were margarita and tatyana
cosmet pro